[exciting opening theme music plays]
[ominous sting]
[Baki] What am I up to now?
Oh, you know,
just another squabble with my old man.
[both yelling]
[loud thud]
[whooshing]
[metal creaking]
[shutters clicking]
[female reporter] Mr. Saman,
we understand that you're
the sole survivor of this grisly incident.
But still, are you aware
that your recent actions have been
drawing criticism from all over the world?
Yes, I am.
[eerie whooshing]
Just to clarify, you called in the army
to hunt down a single African elephant.
It's that decision
that's left the whole world in shock.
Let me be absolutely clear,
our duty as park rangers is to protect
the plants and wildlife of the Savanna.
[female reporter] To the point
of mobilizing the army?
Do you think that we're talking about
an ordinary African elephant here?
-[reporters murmuring]
-What the heck does he mean by that?
Look, all of us have seen
the aerial photographs of the incident.
Are you saying
it wasn't an African elephant?
Go to the site
and take a look at the carcass yourself!
[dramatic sting]
It's ridiculously large!
-[sinister music plays]
-It's extraordinary.
Frankly, it's like something
out of the prehistoric times.
[male reporter] Please, Mr. Saman,
let's keep things calm and rational.
The real issue here is the use of weapons,
regardless of how--
-[Saman] 977 animals and 41 people.
-Hmm?
[reporters gasp]
Those are the numbers
of animals and people
that have fallen victim
to that huge monster.
[reporters gasping]
[Saman] 21.2 tons.
That's the average amount of food
that beast devours in just a single day.
If it were left alone, in two years' time,
90% of the park
would have turned into desert.
The inevitable result of the herbivores
dying out from that change
would be the death
of the carnivores as well.
[trumpeting]
The methods we used weren't wrong.
If we made any kind of mistake at all
in the way we handled this,
it's in the number of troops
that we deployed
and the kinds of weapons
we chose to use against that monster!
And frankly, I think
we should have called in an airstrike!
Are you aware that what you're saying
is being heard by the entire world?
-It's unfortunate we didn't.
-[reporters gasp]
In the end, we weren't even able
to get one single shot fired off.
[reporters murmuring in confusion]
[male reporter]
Uh, but if that's the case,
then how did the elephant end up…
[Saman sighs]
Out of nowhere, a man showed up.
[elephant trumpets]
-[Saman groaning]
-[elephant growls]
Who is…
-[trumpets]
-[dramatic music plays]
[Saman] Just as that monster was leaving,
after completely devastating our forces,
a man showed up
and placed himself in front of the beast.
[crackling]
[snarls, chomps]
-[grunts] Mm.
-[crunching]
[gulps]
[snarls]
Mm. Mm.
With no weapons, barefisted,
he defeated that huge monster.
-[ominous music plays]
-[reporters murmuring]
Do you expect us,
no, wait, the whole world to believe that?
[reporters gasp]
Listen, I've stated the facts.
What more do you people want?
Wait! Mr. Saman!
Are you running away?
[Saman] Then again,
why would you believe it?
Even I don't,
and I saw it with my own two eyes.
[camera shutters clicking]
[music fades]
[wind gusting]
[birds chirping]
Daddy.
-Daddy!
-Mm-- Hmm?
You know I believe you, Daddy.
Mm? [chuckles softly]
[chuckles]
Really? Even if the whole world
is out there calling me a liar?
[Julio sighs]
I mean, I know that sometimes,
because of work,
you have to break your promises to me,
but that doesn't make you a liar.
[Saman chuckles]
Daddy,
was that man you saw
really as strong as you say?
Yes.
He was astonishing.
Even stronger than a lion?
That's right. Without a doubt, he was.
Stronger than a rhino?
-Listen, Julio.
-Oh.
[Saman] My son.
-[grunts]
-[loud thud]
[Saman] You're the only person
I'll tell this to.
[Yujiro yells]
[Saman] This story is so fantastic
that any rational adult
wouldn't even listen to me.
-[dramatic music playing]
-[yells]
[Saman] The whole tale sounds
like a fairy tale or something.
[Julio] Who do you think
could beat him in a fight, Daddy?
-[Saman] I don't think anybody could, son.
-Even if there was someone just like him?
[Saman] Hmm…
[Julio] Like maybe his son
once he's all grown up?
[Saman chuckles] Maybe.
[grass rustling in wind]
[grunts]
All right!
-[Rumina shuddering]
-[boy 1] Think he'll go in?
[boy 2] No way.
[boy 3] What are we gonna do
if he doesn't?
[boy 2] Tease him
until he commits suicide.
[boy 1] But we asked him
to fight a high schooler!
[boy 2] Who cares?
He's the one who has to do it.
[Rumina shudders]
-[boy 1] He's going in!
-[boy 2 laughs] He's really doing it!
[boy 3 laughing] What an idiot.
[boys panting]
He really did it. He went in.
-Yeah.
-Oh.
[boy 2] Do you guys
know about this school?
[boys] Huh?
They say there's a monster here.
A monster?
A delinquent?
My uncle once told me
that the strongest high schooler
in the world goes here.
[whimpering]
[grunting inquisitively]
Hey, kid?
You have something for us?
[Rumina shudders, grunts]
Like a delivery?
[screams]
[students] Huh?
[Rumina whimpering]
-What?
-[students] Uh…
[Rumina whimpering]
[clicks]
[whimpering]
[laughing]
-[student 1] Kid's threatening us!
-[student 2] He's come to wipe us out!
Let me get this straight,
you came here to pick a fight with us?
[hesitantly] Uh, send… out--
What?
[Rumina whimpers] Send… out…
your strongest guy, so…
I mean, please send out…
[students grunt in surprise]
[groans weakly]
[boy 3] Hmm.
[boy 2 snickers]
[boy 1] Hmm.
So, you just said that and then ran away?
Is that what happened?
They said I should wait.
[boys] Huh?
For what?
They just said,
"After school at the Tama River."
Look, kid, I'm sorry, but…
you're barking up the wrong tree here.
None of us is the strongest.
But tell you what, we'll get you
the strongest in the world, okay?
[Rumina groans softly]
Now listen, kid,
wait down at Tama River,
and we'll send him to you.
This is for real. You got it?
So if you don't keep your promise,
we'll have a serious problem.
[shuddering]
Okay.
[boys] Huh?
[chuckling]
-[laughing]
-This just got real interesting.
[train horn blowing]
[laughing]
-Take this!
-Hey, ow!
-[both grunting]
-Gotcha!
[gasps] Look, you guys.
[both] Huh?
-[boy gasps]
-[Rumina shuddering]
He came. He really came.
[dramatic music plays]
The strongest high schooler
in the world came to fight me!
[boys] He's here!
[Rumina grunting]
[knife clicks open]
[shudders]
My name's Baki Hanma.
[Rumina] To be honest,
for being the world's strongest,
he's a lot smaller
than I imagined he'd be.
I'm Rumina Ayukawa. Hi.
[wind gusting]
[Baki] So, you gonna use that?
Huh?
[hesitantly] Oh, I thought that I--
[music intensifies]
[gasps]
It was the first time in my life
seeing real muscles.
[Baki] In that case…
[Rumina] And then right before my eyes,
as clear as day,
Baki transformed
into the world's strongest.
Don't expect me to hold back.
[tense music playing]
Against an elementary schooler like me?
Is he kidding?
Nope! He's not kidding!
-[boy 1] Uh, he's ready to fight!
-[boy 3] Hmm.
He can't be serious.
-[whimpering]
-[knife rattling]
[Rumina] I was bullied into this,
but not once did I really believe
that a high schooler would seriously agree
to take on an elementary school student.
And he's the world's best!
I'm only pretending to be tough.
[cheerful ding]
I thought he'd just give me a big smile
and take it easy on me.
[dramatic sting]
And I was so wrong!
-Can you swim?
-Huh?
Hmm.
A little bit.
What in the world?
-Why are you ask--
-[grunts]
[gasps]
The world's strongest
disappeared right before my eyes.
-[slaps]
-My ass! [grunts]
[boys gasping]
Even if I live to be 80 years old,
this will undoubtedly be…
my greatest…
[grunting]
…shock.
[boys gasping]
Guess he was serious.
[gasps]
[groans]
-[Baki] What the hell?
-Huh?
It's shallow!
[gentle music plays]
[Rumina] That day,
for the first time in 12 years,
for the first time in my whole life…
From now on,
we're friends.
…I became aware that I was a man.
I hit you as hard as I could.
Huh?
Rumina Ayukawa, I just hit you
with every ounce of my strength.
[gasps]
And all of my strength, Rumina,
is over a hundred times more than theirs.
[boys grunting uncertainly]
[gasps]
They look so small from here.
[laughing]
-They do, don't they!
-[footsteps approaching]
Ah…
Oh! Captain Strydum!
[dramatic sting]
[gasps]
It was just like a fairy tale.
Baki's father,
the strongest man in the world,
had killed a humongous,
crazed, evil elephant.
An African elephant
the size of a dinosaur?
Baki, do you actually understand
what all of this means?
[Baki chuckles softly]
-[Strydum] Hmm!
-[Rumina] Wow! No way!
He accepted?
That's right.
The Ogre has recognized you
as a true challenger.
So then, how are you going to respond?
[mysterious music playing]
[sighs]
[yawns]
Huh?
Captain, this is a silly fight
between a father and son.
It's the kind of thing
that happens in families all the time.
Nothing that an American like you
should be poking your nose into.
[grunts in surprise]
[Strydum] I will be
poking my nose into it, Baki.
Just an argument
between a father and son, huh?
You are gravely mistaken.
This whole situation is basically
the same as two countries going to war.
Aw, he's upset.
Hey, Captain!
In the meantime,
I'll just find some rando to spar with.
That sound good to you?
[Strydum sighs]
[chuckles] He's all bent out of shape.
[Rumina sighs]
Baki, is it okay if I ask you a question?
Hmm?
Your dad is stronger
than an African elephant,
so is sparring against a rando
going to be enough?
-[whooshes]
-Rumina.
"Rando" doesn't mean "half-assed."
I'll spar against a "random" opponent
as strong as a dinosaur.
-Wanna see?
-Huh?
I'm going to spar with him right now.
[whooshing, thudding]
The way that Baki's moving,
this is shadowboxing.
I actually know a lot about boxing.
Shadowboxing is a basic kind of training.
All boxers do it,
from top champions on down to beginners.
All you have to do is imagine
your opponent standing in front of you.
You picture slipping past imagined punches
and striking at imagined openings.
-[gasps]
-[Baki grunting]
[Rumina] He's getting faster
and more focused.
There's nothing half-assed about this.
This isn't like any kind of shadowboxing
that I've ever seen before.
[Baki grunts]
[Rumina] Rather than just
imagining an opponent in front of him,
it's like there's a real opponent
actually standing right there
facing off against him.
Huh? Huh? Huh?
[yelps]
I saw it! I mean, I see it!
I don't believe my own eyes.
It's not very clear,
but there's definitely something there.
Whatever it is,
it's clearly facing off against Baki.
Look, it punched!
-[Baki grunts]
-It dodged!
[grunting]
I can't pretend
I'm not seeing what I'm seeing.
It's definitely happening.
The opponent that Baki's imagining
is a boxer.
I know a lot about boxing.
Baki's focus and the fact
that he's struggling,
it all makes perfect sense.
I can see it.
The movement of Baki's feet,
and of his hands,
not to mention his body.
From watching his performance,
it's all completely clear.
[Baki exhales]
[Rumina] The person that Baki's fighting
is a former undisputed
world heavyweight champion.
[exciting music playing]
It's Iron Michael himself!
[gulps] Iron Michael.
I'll admit that I don't know everything
about the history of boxing.
But I do know that at one point in time,
Iron Michael was considered
the strongest boxer who ever lived.
And now I'm seeing him
right before my very eyes.
He's so fast,
just like he was in his prime!
The Iron Michael
that I've only ever seen in videos
is right here fighting in front of me!
-[groans]
-Oh no!
A left body blow followed by an uppercut!
Michael's winning combo!
Baki, no! It connected!
[groans]
[grunts, pants]
Uh, what are the two of them
even doing over there?
They're just goofing, right?
[Baki grunts]
Baki, your nose.
[grunts]
It's nothing.
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
His body's bruised.
[exhales]
Now I'm all warmed up.
[heavy metal music plays]
So…
let's finish this.
[grunts]
Oh!
[whooshes]
[music ends]
That was illegal.
Yeah, it's illegal.
Or at least in boxing it is.
[boy 2] Um…
Yeah?
So, uh, what were you guys just doing?
A little shadowboxing.
[boys gasp]
Alone?
It is shadowboxing.
But you're bruised and have a nose bleed.
Well, you can still get hurt
if it's done right.
[boys gasp]
What? No way.
[Baki chuckles softly]
Check it out.
In my hand, I'm holding five pickled plums
and a nice big slice of lemon.
Huh?
[Baki] Sour pickled plums
and a super sour lemon.
[boys] Ah…
And I'm gonna shove 'em all
right into your mouths.
[claps]
[boys gasp]
Oh, and I'll cover your mouths too,
so there's nothing you can do about it,
except chew it all up and swallow it down.
Your mouths are stuffed
with pickled plums and lemon.
[gulps]
So sour!
[groaning softly]
-[boys groaning]
-[Baki] It's a mystery of the human body.
Of course there aren't any pickled plums
or lemons in your mouths.
And yet right now
your mouths are watering.
[buzzing, clicking]
I'm surprised you could tell.
Huh?
About the shadowboxing.
Well, I just happen
to know a lot about boxing.
What about the opponent I was fighting?
It was Iron Michael.
The former undisputed
heavyweight champion of the world.
Huh.
That's what you meant
when you said a "random"
but not "half-assed" opponent, right?
I get it. He was the perfect match.
[chuckles softly]
A "random opponent."
It'd be a breeze if I was going up
against someone like Michael.
Huh?
[Baki] That was just a warm-up.
So I could loosen my muscles.
[Rumina] Iron Michael was just a warm-up?
[gasps]
[exciting music playing]
[music fades]
[closing theme music plays]
Subtitle translation by: